docs: initial POC of Jessica's fabric doc generator (#2023)
microsoft/SynapseML: tools/docgen/README.md

    input_dir: path to input folder
    output_dir: path to output folder
    notebooks:
      - path: path/under/input/dir/filename1.rst
        metadata:
          title: title 1
          description: description 1
          ms.topic: eg:overview
          ms.custom: build-2023
          ms.reviewer: reviewers' Microsoft alias
          author: authors' github usernames
          ms.author: authors' Microsoft alias
      - path: path/under/input/dir/filename2.ipynb
        metadata:
          title: title 2
          description: description 2
          ms.topic: eg:overview
          ms.custom: build-2023
          ms.reviewer: reviewers' Microsoft alias
          author: authors' github usernames
          ms.author: authors' Microsoft alias
```

## Modify input file

### Image alt text

Please add alt text to all the image to meet Fabric doc requirement
#### rst file
For each image, add alt text.

eg:

```
.. image::
   media/an-example.png
```

Change it to
```
.. image::
   media/an-example.png
   :alt: the-alt-text-you-want-for this image
```

#### Notebook file
Set image url in Notebook (Markdown format):
```
![image-alt-text](image_url)
```

> ### Language code

Author: ```suggestion
### Remove Locale information from URLs
```

> Please remove all language code under https://docs.microsoft.com and https://learn.microsoft.com

Author: ```suggestion
Please remove all locale information from urls from https://docs.microsoft.com and https://learn.microsoft.com
```
